Phoenix introduced herself to Li Jinke
President of Yunzhou Li Group
He is also Wei Wei's current boyfriend.
Lee Group
Never heard of it.
We Li Group
It is a new financial enterprise in recent years
People like you only know how to fight
I have no culture at all, I have never heard of it
It's normal. I know I can only fight
No culture at all
How dare you provoke me like this?
Believe it or not, I'll hack you to death
Enough.
Li Shang is my business partner
How dare you hurt him?
I will never let you go
slightly
Don't worry.
A raving thug doesn't scare me
People like you
There's only that little bit of hierarchy left.
Do you think
Bringing a knife with a few brothers is very majestic, right?
Ah please
Today's society is about money
Power and connections
Then you say money like this
Power and connections, you are not bad
Of course!
In terms of money, our director's assets exceed 10 billion
What about power?
I failed and I am the deputy commander of the Yunzhou General's Mansion
And connections
The people we meet every day are dignitaries
Senior official jue
Even those so-called on the road
The Ministry of Equipment is like that Iron Marsh Tiger King Tiger
We were fortunate enough to meet at a banquet some time ago
And I made a toast.
What about a punk like you?
I make a random phone call
It can make you disappear like a wild dog